Experiment specific plugins must implement the plugin interface.  Currently,
the plugin system implements 5 "hook points."  Plugin developers may implement
none (though that's useless) up to all 5 hooks.

A plugin MUST subclass rscadplugin.RSCADPlugin.  By doing so, your class
automatically becomes a valid plugin.  Each of the hook points are implemented
as methods of this class.  A developer may implement more than one plugin class
per module.

Hooks
---------

options(parser)

    The options hook allows a plugin developer to add recognized command line
    options.  Note, these options will not be displayed when using the --help
    option to rscadstreamer.  An argparse ArgumentParser is passed to this
    method.  See argparse doc for information on interacting with
    ArgumentParser.

    The parser should be modified in place.  The calling system will take care
    of parsing arguments for you.

init(args)

    The init hook is for plugin initialization.  The developer should perform
    any initialization, such as opening files, connecting to remote servers,
    etc. in this method.

    args is a namespace object (as returned by argparse).  Any command line
    options added in the options hook will be available here.  Again, see
    argparse docs for more on interacting with the namespace object.

    If input is expected, init() should return a fileno suitable for
    select()/poll() else return None

handle_output(line)

    called for each line of output generated by RSCAD.  

    Plugin developer may do anything desired with this line.  

    no return

handle_input(fileno, rscad)

    Called when input is detected on any polled fileno.  Note, the plugin
    developer should ensure that the input data is destined for this plugin
    (usually by comparing expected fileno to the fileno passed in).

    handle_input() is called with the fileno that has input that is ready to
    read as well as the master rscad object.  the rscad object can be used to
    directly interact with RSCAD.  Remember to call rscad.waitforsync() when
    interacting with rscad.

    no return value is expected.

cleanup()

    Called when rscadstreamer is shutting down.  Any open files, sockets, etc.
    should be closed, and other "cleanup" tasks should be completed.

    No return value is expected.

